.TH "/home/michaell/software/ReuseDistance/ReuseDistance.hpp" 3 "25 Sep 2012" "Version 0.01" "ReuseDistance" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
/home/michaell/software/ReuseDistance/ReuseDistance.hpp \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <assert.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdlib.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <algorithm>\fP
.br
\fC#include <iostream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <ostream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <set>\fP
.br
\fC#include <vector>\fP
.br
\fC#include <map>\fP
.br

.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBReuseEntry\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBReuseStats\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBReuseDistance\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBreuse_map_type\fP   std::map"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBTAB\fP   '\\t'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBENDL\fP   '\\n'"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Michael Laurenzano <michaell@sdsc.edu> 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
0.01
.RE
.PP
.SH "LICENSE"
.PP
This file is part of the \fBReuseDistance\fP tool.
.PP
Copyright (c) 2012, University of California Regents All rights reserved.
.PP
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
The ReuseDistanceHandler class allows for calculation and statistic tracking for finding memory reuse distances given a stream of memory addresses and ids. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBReuseDistance.hpp\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define ENDL   '\\n'"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file ReuseDistance.hpp.
.SS "#define reuse_map_type   std::map"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file ReuseDistance.hpp.
.SS "#define TAB   '\\t'"
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file ReuseDistance.hpp.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ReuseDistance from the source code.
