.TH "ReuseDistance" 3 "25 Sep 2012" "Version 0.01" "ReuseDistance" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ReuseDistance \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <ReuseDistance.hpp>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBReuseDistance\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBReuseDistance\fP (uint64_t w)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBReuseDistance\fP (\fBReuseDistance\fP &h)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ReuseDistance\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBPrint\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBPrint\fP (std::ostream &f)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBProcess\fP (\fBReuseEntry\fP &addr)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBProcess\fP (\fBReuseEntry\fP *addrs, uint64_t count)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBProcess\fP (std::vector< \fBReuseEntry\fP > rs)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBProcess\fP (std::vector< \fBReuseEntry\fP * > addrs)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "uint64_t \fBGetDistance\fP (\fBReuseEntry\fP &addr)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBReuseStats\fP * \fBGetStats\fP (uint64_t id)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "uint64_t \fBGetWindowSize\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBIncrementSequence\fP (uint64_t count)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBGetIndices\fP (std::vector< uint64_t > &ids)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBGetActiveAddresses\fP (std::vector< uint64_t > &addrs)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "uint64_t \fBGetSequenceValue\fP (uint64_t addr)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "uint64_t \fBGetCurrentSequence\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBCleanup\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSetCleanFrequency\fP (uint64_t c)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "uint64_t \fBGetCleanFrequency\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static const uint64_t \fBMinimumCleanFrequency\fP = 1000000"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Tracks reuse distances for a memory address stream. Keep track of the addresses within a specific window of history, whose size can be finite or infinite. See constructor documentation for more details. 
.PP
Definition at line 185 of file ReuseDistance.hpp.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ReuseDistance::ReuseDistance ()"Contructs a \fBReuseDistance\fP object. Default constructor. Uses an unlimited-size window. 
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file ReuseDistance.cpp.
.SS "ReuseDistance::ReuseDistance (uint64_t w)"Contructs a \fBReuseDistance\fP object.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIw\fP The maximum size of the window of addresses that will be examined. Use 0 for no window, but be aware that this will use a potetially unlimited amount of memory that will be proportional to the number of unique addresses processed by this object. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 33 of file ReuseDistance.cpp.
.SS "ReuseDistance::ReuseDistance (\fBReuseDistance\fP & h)"Contructs a \fBReuseDistance\fP object. Copy constructor. Performs a deep copy.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIh\fP A reference to another \fBReuseDistance\fP object. All state from this parameter is copied to the new \fBReuseDistance\fP object, including window size, current addresses in that window and all tracked statistics. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 41 of file ReuseDistance.cpp.
.SS "ReuseDistance::~ReuseDistance ()"Destroys a \fBReuseDistance\fP object. 
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file ReuseDistance.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void ReuseDistance::Cleanup ()"Clean up the address window. That is, reclaim memory for all addresses strictly outside the maximum window size. This is done for you periodically so you don't ever really need to call this yourself.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
none 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 121 of file ReuseDistance.cpp.
.SS "void ReuseDistance::GetActiveAddresses (std::vector< uint64_t > & addrs)"Get a std::vector containing all of the addresses currently in this \fBReuseDistance\fP object's active window.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaddrs\fP A std::vector which will contain the addresses. It is an error to pass this vector non-empty (that is addrs.size() == 0 is enforced).
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
none 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 87 of file ReuseDistance.cpp.
.SS "uint64_t ReuseDistance::GetCleanFrequency ()\fC [inline]\fP"Get the frequency with which Clean is called. Has no meaning when window size is unlimited.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The frequency with which Cleanup is called. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 408 of file ReuseDistance.hpp.
.SS "uint64_t ReuseDistance::GetCurrentSequence ()\fC [inline]\fP"Get this \fBReuseDistance\fP object's current sequence.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
This \fBReuseDistance\fP object's current sequence. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 380 of file ReuseDistance.hpp.
.SS "uint64_t ReuseDistance::GetDistance (\fBReuseEntry\fP & addr)"Get a reuse distance for a memory address without tracking statistics for it.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaddr\fP The memory address to analyze.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The reuse distance for the memory address given by addr. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void ReuseDistance::GetIndices (std::vector< uint64_t > & ids)"Get a std::vector containing all of the unique indices processed by this \fBReuseDistance\fP object.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIids\fP A std::vector which will contain the ids. It is an error to pass this vector non-empty (that is addrs.size() == 0 is enforced).
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
none 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 79 of file ReuseDistance.cpp.
.SS "uint64_t ReuseDistance::GetSequenceValue (uint64_t addr)"Get the sequence value for an address currently in this \fBReuseDistance\fP object's active window.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaddr\fP An address. Addresses not in this object's active window will generate a return value of 0.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The sequence value for addr, or 0 if addr is not in this object's active window. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 95 of file ReuseDistance.cpp.
.SS "\fBReuseStats\fP * ReuseDistance::GetStats (uint64_t id)"Get the \fBReuseStats\fP object associated with some unique id.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIid\fP The unique id.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The \fBReuseStats\fP object associated with parameter id. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 195 of file ReuseDistance.cpp.
.SS "uint64_t ReuseDistance::GetWindowSize ()\fC [inline]\fP"Get the size of the window for this \fBReuseDistance\fP object.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The size of the window for this \fBReuseDistance\fP object. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 328 of file ReuseDistance.hpp.
.SS "void ReuseDistance::IncrementSequence (uint64_t count)\fC [inline]\fP"Increment the internal sequence count for this \fBReuseDistance\fP object. This has the effect of fast forwarding in the memory address stream. Possibly useful if you are using sampling on your memory address stream.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcount\fP The amount of the increment.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
none 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 339 of file ReuseDistance.hpp.
.SS "void ReuseDistance::Print (std::ostream & f)"Print statistics for this \fBReuseDistance\fP to an output stream. The first line of the output is five tokens which are [1] the string literal REUSESTATS, [2] the unique id, [3] the window size (0 == unlimited) [4] the total number of accesses for that unique id and [5] the number of accesses from that id which were not found within the active address window either because they were evicted or because of cold misses. Each additional line of output contains two tokens, which give [1] a reuse distance and [2] the number of times that reuse distance was observed.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIf\fP The output stream to print results to.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
none 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void ReuseDistance::Print ()"Print statistics for this \fBReuseDistance\fP to std::cout. See the other version of \fBReuseDistance::Print\fP for information about output format.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
none 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 103 of file ReuseDistance.cpp.
.SS "void ReuseDistance::Process (std::vector< \fBReuseEntry\fP * > addrs)"Process multiple memory addresses.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaddrs\fP A std::vector of memory addresses to process.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
none 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void ReuseDistance::Process (std::vector< \fBReuseEntry\fP > rs)"Process multiple memory addresses.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaddrs\fP A std::vector of memory addresses to process.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
none 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void ReuseDistance::Process (\fBReuseEntry\fP * addrs, uint64_t count)"Process multiple memory addresses.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaddrs\fP An array of structures describing memory addresses to process. 
.br
\fIcount\fP The number of elements in addrs.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
none 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 148 of file ReuseDistance.cpp.
.SS "void ReuseDistance::Process (\fBReuseEntry\fP & addr)"Process a single memory address.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaddr\fP The structure describing the memory address to process.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
none 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 168 of file ReuseDistance.cpp.
.SS "void ReuseDistance::SetCleanFrequency (uint64_t c)"Set the frequency with which Clean is called. By default this is defined using the minimum of \fBReuseDistance::MinimumCleanFrequency\fP and the window size. Has no meaning when window size is unlimited.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIc\fP The frequency with which to call Cleanup.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
none 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 67 of file ReuseDistance.cpp.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const uint64_t \fBReuseDistance::MinimumCleanFrequency\fP = 1000000\fC [static]\fP"Minimum value for the cleanup frequency. The cleanup frequency is set by the constructor to the maximum of this value and the window size. 
.PP
Definition at line 212 of file ReuseDistance.hpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ReuseDistance from the source code.
